README.md, before:

# SciFighters
### Dukin' it out with science.

## Controls:
- Move: Left/right. Double tap the button to go faster. Hold down
  while pressing left or right to dodge.
- Jump: Up. When in the air, you can use a double jump.
- Shield: Down. This will break if it gets hit too many times.
  Pressing down will also let you fall through a one-way platform.
- Attack 1: c or /. Some attacks are immediate, some charge. with
  some projectile items, you can aim by holding a direction while
  you press the attack button.
- Attack 2: x or .
- Attack 3: z or ,
- Item: v or enter. When you have no item but are standing on one,
  this button will pick it up. If you have an item, this will use it.
  Some items can be charged before they attack, to do this hold the button.
  Other items may only be thrown - in this case the button will throw them.
  To throw any item, press a direction and the item button at the same time.

## Characters
- Isaac Newton
- Lord Kelvin

## Tools used to create this game
Most of these are free. For a free alternative
to FL Studio, I've heard Reaper is good.

- Unity3D
- Visual Studio Code
- FL Studio
- Akai MPK249 & MPK225
- Audacity
- Paint.NET
- The Gimp
- Pixelmator
- Whatever other drawing app Hayden has
- git
- BitBucket
- Doxygen
- Vim
- ffmpeg

Commit message:

fix gravity well knockback & add player descriptions

README.md, after:

# SciFighters
### Dukin' it out with science.

## Controls:
- Move: Left/right. Double tap the button to go faster. Hold down
  while pressing left or right to dodge.
- Jump: Up. When in the air, you can use a double jump.
- Shield: Down. This will break if it gets hit too many times.
  Pressing down will also let you fall through a one-way platform.
- Attack 1: c or /. Some attacks are immediate, some charge. with
  some projectile items, you can aim by holding a direction while
  you press the attack button.
- Attack 2: x or .
- Attack 3: z or ,
- Item: v or enter. When you have no item but are standing on one,
  this button will pick it up. If you have an item, this will use it.
  Some items can be charged before they attack, to do this hold the button.
  Other items may only be thrown - in this case the button will throw them.
  To throw any item, press a direction and the item button at the same time.

## Characters
- Isaac Newton
  - Apple - standard projectile. Sometimes a stronger green apple will come up.
    Try catching it in a gravity well.
  - Calculus book - maybe this will teach you!
  - Gravity well - Newton wishes he was this cool.
- Lord Kelvin
  - Ice ball - more fun than throwing snowballs.
  - Fireball - way more fun than throwing snowballs.
  - Broken telegraph - not nearly as fun as throwing snowballs.
    Try shocking someone that is on fire.
- Alfred Nobel
  - Gun - bam.
  - Dynamite - BAM!
  - Gelignite - wait, what is that word? Try shooting it.
- Leonardo da Vinci
  - Bone arm - you know the real da Vinci kept a few of these
    around to prank his friends.
  - Flying machine - just try it, it's awesome!
  - Paintbrush - cause these hurt so much.

## Tools used to create this game
Most of these are free. For a free alternative
to FL Studio, I've heard Reaper is good.

- Unity3D
- Visual Studio Code
- FL Studio
- Akai MPK249 & MPK225
- Audacity
- Paint.NET
- The Gimp
- Pixelmator
- Whatever other drawing app Hayden has
- git
- BitBucket
- Doxygen
- Vim
- ffmpeg
